You will finally know once and for all what
happened to the wolf dog that they
supposedly adopted together, which by the
way I don't know why in this photo
they appear with two dogs when in reality it
was only one as far as I know this one here
Megumi is the name of the wolf dog that
Gemita wanted to adopt, I'm going to
summarize what happened, okay yes it was, of course
she didn't have the capacity to handle
an animal with a difficult personality and
what Gema did was put it in a field
of a trainer in Andorra, basically it is
thought that by putting a dog in the hands of
a trainer the dog magically comes out
with a changed personality.